README.md, before:

# Audara Server

A modular WebSocket-based music streaming server with authentication and song downloading capabilities.


## Features

- **Modular Architecture**: Clean separation of concerns with dedicated files for different functionalities
- **WebSocket Communication**: Real-time encrypted communication between client and server
- **Authentication**: User login system with database support (MySQL/SQLite)
- **Admin Dashboard**: Comprehensive admin panel with user management, system monitoring, and server controls
- **Song Downloading**: Automatic song downloading from YouTube using yt-dlp
- **Streaming**: Temporary URL generation for secure song streaming
- **Deezer Integration**: Proxy API for Deezer chart and search functionality
- **SSL Support**: HTTPS/WSS support with SSL certificates

## Installation

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

2. Configure your SSL certificates in the `cert/` directory:
   - `cert1.pem` - SSL certificate
   - `privkey1.pem` - Private key

3. Create the `songs/` directory for downloaded songs:
```bash
mkdir songs
```

4. Start the server:
```bash
node index.js
```

## Dependencies

- `express` - Web framework
- `ws` - WebSocket library
- `mysql2` - MySQL database driver
- `sqlite3` - SQLite database driver
- `ytdlp-nodejs` - YouTube downloading
- `music-metadata` - Audio metadata parsing
- `get-audio-duration` - Audio duration calculation
- `sanitize-filename` - Safe filename generation
- `node-fetch` - HTTP client
- `cheerio` - HTML parsing
- `uuid` - Unique ID generation
- `crypto` - Encryption utilities
- `cors` - Cross-origin resource sharing

## Admin Dashboard

The server includes a comprehensive admin dashboard with the following features:

- **User Management**: View, ban/unban, promote/demote users
- **System Monitoring**: Real-time server statistics and performance metrics
- **Database Management**: Backup and restore database functionality
- **System Logs**: View server logs and diagnostic information
- **Server Controls**: Restart server functionality

For detailed API documentation, see [docs/ADMIN_HANDLERS.md](docs/ADMIN_HANDLERS.md).

## Testing

Run the admin handlers test:
```bash
node test/admin_handlers_test.js
```

## Security Features

- AES-256-CBC encryption for all WebSocket messages
- Session-based authentication
- Admin privilege validation for all admin operations
- Temporary URLs with expiration
- Input sanitization for filenames
- SQL injection prevention with parameterized queries

Commit message:

Created Playlist Support, removed unneeded things, fixed database issues, made it so each connection's login is stored on server side to prevent random post requests to possible exploit anything (before it wanted the user's username to check if they were admin, which yes, was really stupid of me to add)

README.md, after:

# Audara Server

A modular WebSocket-based music streaming server with authentication and song downloading capabilities.


## Features

- **Modular Architecture**: Clean separation of concerns with dedicated files for different functionalities
- **WebSocket Communication**: Real-time encrypted communication between client and server
- **Authentication**: User login system with database support (MySQL/SQLite)
- **Admin Dashboard**: Comprehensive admin panel with user management, system monitoring, and server controls
- **Song Downloading**: Automatic song downloading from YouTube using yt-dlp
- **Streaming**: Temporary URL generation for secure song streaming
- **Deezer Integration**: Proxy API for Deezer chart and search functionality
- **Playlist Management**: Create, manage, and play user playlists
- **SSL Support**: HTTPS/WSS support with SSL certificates

## Installation

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

2. Configure your SSL certificates in the `cert/` directory:
   - `cert1.pem` - SSL certificate
   - `privkey1.pem` - Private key

3. Create the `songs/` directory for downloaded songs:
```bash
mkdir songs
```

4. Start the server:
```bash
node index.js
```

## Dependencies

- `express` - Web framework
- `ws` - WebSocket library
- `mysql2` - MySQL database driver
- `sqlite3` - SQLite database driver
- `ytdlp-nodejs` - YouTube downloading
- `music-metadata` - Audio metadata parsing
- `get-audio-duration` - Audio duration calculation
- `sanitize-filename` - Safe filename generation
- `node-fetch` - HTTP client
- `cheerio` - HTML parsing
- `uuid` - Unique ID generation
- `crypto` - Encryption utilities
- `cors` - Cross-origin resource sharing

## Admin Dashboard

The server includes a comprehensive admin dashboard with the following features:

- **User Management**: View, ban/unban, promote/demote users
- **System Monitoring**: Real-time server statistics and performance metrics
- **Database Management**: Backup and restore database functionality
- **System Logs**: View server logs and diagnostic information
- **Server Controls**: Restart server functionality

For detailed API documentation, see [docs/ADMIN_HANDLERS.md](docs/ADMIN_HANDLERS.md).

## Playlist System

The server includes a comprehensive playlist management system with the following features:

- **Create Playlists**: Users can create named playlists with optional descriptions
- **Add/Remove Songs**: Add songs to playlists and remove them as needed
- **View Playlists**: List all user playlists with song counts
- **Playlist Details**: View detailed information about specific playlists
- **Play Playlists**: Get all songs in a playlist for playback
- **Delete Playlists**: Remove entire playlists

For detailed API documentation, see [docs/PLAYLIST_SYSTEM.md](docs/PLAYLIST_SYSTEM.md).

## Testing

Run the admin handlers test:
```bash
node test/admin_handlers_test.js
```

Run the playlist system test:
```bash
node test_playlist.js
```

## Security Features

- AES-256-CBC encryption for all WebSocket messages
- Session-based authentication
- Admin privilege validation for all admin operations
- Temporary URLs with expiration
- Input sanitization for filenames
- SQL injection prevention with parameterized queries
